hello it's Ruby and today I am going to
be showing you an updated morning
routine and this is a summer holidays
edition so I would actually like to film
two morning routines this summer holiday
and I know that that might seem a little
bit unnecessary but I feel as though my
routine will change from now till the
end of the summer and also morning
routines are probably my favorite videos
to film and watch after what's in my
school bag I'll hold a poll but let me
know whether you'd like to see another
morning routine later in the summer
because obviously I won't film it if
nobody wants to see it so yes as I said
this video is sponsored by the great
courses plus I'm going to be showing you
the service in practice later in the
video but the great courses plus
basically provides a platform on which
you have access to over 10,000 different
video lectures you can either watch the
lecture or you can listen to it and they
come from really great sources so other
than university professors the
Smithsonian the National Geographic
especially over the summer we have so
much time and I think it's important and
essential time for us to learn things
which are not necessarily on the
specifications at school but which we
are really interested in anyway I'm
hoping to listen to look to quite a few
lectures in preparation for studying
philosophy and theology this September
at university but as well as that I have
got quite a few earmarked on politics
and geography and skills that I want to
learn and adopt I'm actually going to
talk more about the great courses class
at the end of the video so just stay
tuned for that if you want to learn more
about it but without further ado let's
actually get on with the morning routine
so the time that I wake up with summer
mornings really does vary but it's
between 6:30 and 7:30 and as soon as I
wake up I like to stay in bed and read
for a little bit and at the moment I am
reading reconstructing Amelia I'm really
enjoying it so then I will get out of
bed and immediately go and open up the
curtains to lessen daylight in this just
makes the room look a lot cleaner and I
like to complement this by making my bed
which I have to do every morning and I
will also spray some room spray to make
my room smell really nice obviously and
I really like this white company's
spring scent at the moment and then I
will go and brush my teeth and of course
I will read whilst I'm brushing my teeth
it's actually so much easier to read
when you're reading on the kindle though
as opposed to a book
then I decided to go and have a shower
which is something I do every summer
morning and I just use this that SEMA
shout relaxer please could you give me
my flash news briefing
here's your flash briefing so then
whilst I was listening to my flash news
briefing I decided to get Freddie so I
just brushed my hair out and put on some
lip scrub and this lip balm and also
some Sun cream which is a loss of a face
cream
[Music]
and next I decided to call my fringe
because it just makes it look a lot
neater so then I decide to go down for
breakfast and this morning I decided to
make some vegan scrambled eggs so I just
cut up some tofu and this is going to be
the egg for this recipe and I also
needed to wash up the non-stick pan so
that I could make the scrambled eggs and
whilst I was cooking this morning I
decided to listen to a lecture from the
great courses class and the one that I
was listening to was from the modern
political traditions and this particular
lecture was on Russo's Republican
community I love to listen to podcasts
or the radio or lectures whilst I am
doing other things that don't require
very much brain activity because it
helps me to feel more productive so then
here I am actually cooking the you
scrambled eggs and I decided to mix the
tofu with some spinach some onion and
some chopped tomatoes
[Music]
but the thing you really need to turn it
into eggs to make it taste like egg is
yeast extract
so then after breakfast I just went and
washed up everything that I had used
[Music]
and I also scrubbed down the sink
because it was a little bit dirty
[Music]
so then I went back up to my bedroom and
I just watered my plants so these three
small ones were actually a present from
my friend in me so thank you in me if
you're watching this and the one on the
end is one that I got in a local garden
center so then I decided to go and make
it to do this and I love to make to-do
lists regardless of what day it is
regardless of the fact that it's the
summer holidays the kids it means that I
actually get things done that I want to
get done even if that's just a case of I
really want to read some more of my book
or I want to edit this video and then I
also like to go outside for kids the
weather is amazing and it's really great
to go outside and actually enjoy it so I
just like to go outside with my dogs
every morning and play with them for a
little bit for getting started with my
day
so thank you so much for watching this
video I hope that you enjoyed watching
it I hope that you were perhaps able to
think of some things that you can
implement into your own summer morning
routine and I'm just so now I'm just
going to take this chance to talk to you
a little bit more about the great
courses class and the service which is
offered the great courses class is
available as either an app or online so
I actually prefer to use the app on my
phone I feel as though because your
phone is no portable it means that you
can listen to lectures pretty much
everywhere and you can actually download
them so that you can listen to them even
when you don't have Wi-Fi which is
really perfect for long car journeys
especially during the summer so the
great courses plus is basically a
subscription-based service so you can
sign up and then you can have acts and
see you sign up and pay for the service
and then you have access to all of these
video lectures but the great courses bus
is actually offered to provide a free
trial for those who watch my videos so
if you are interested in just learning a
bit more about the great courses class
and seeing whether it works for you
whether you'd find it useful then I
definitely recommend going and have a
link having a look and signing up for
this free trial
so you can visit WWE's comm forward
slash Granger and there will also be a
link in the description box below so if
you click on the link in the description
box you can start your free trial by
it's all based on listening so you don't
have tasks you don't have homework it's
all done for yourself which i think is
so important when it comes to education
yes that's everything I got to tell you
about the great courses plus thank you
again for watching this video I really
hope that you enjoyed it and have a
productive week